>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
take a look at the challenge.
What I would like everybody to do,
after lunch, create the file structure for
a new widgets component.
Create an ES6 class.
Import the appropriate modules.
We're decorators, decorate it.
And display the widgets
component on the home component.
So essentially, what I just did, I would
like everybody to take a stab at it.
From there, bonus, create a simple route
to view the widgets component by itself.
So hint, app routing module.
And if you're feeling ready for
a super bonus.
One of the things I like is when
things are fairly conventional,
you can look at the shape and
infer how they work.
So after you created the route,
if you wanted to add something into
the sidebar,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Play
around with this links array and
see what happens.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
going to put this up.